# Benefits By Design Digital Buzzboard
MitchellUngar.github.io
-----------------------
Getting Started
---------------
* This site uses github pages, and pubnub to allow webrtc, and DNS servers.
  Create a new account with pubnub, they will give you a free use for their servers.
  Keep in mind this is not ideal for 24/7 use of the webcam because there is a certain amount of usage
  you get per month for the webcam.

* After you have created a account, create a github io page. The page has to be the same
  name as your username, and is not https. So it is not protected, DO NOT PUT SENSITIVE INFORMATION!!!

* Once both of these steps are finished you are free to create a simple website. Copy the repo you just
  created on your desktop and add a index.html file. Create a simple website that says 'hello world'
  just to make sure your github io is working.

* After the simple html page is created push it back up to your repo and then you will see your github
  has been updated. If all steps have been followed correctly then you will be able to type in
  http://username.github.io into your URL and go into your new published website.(Page should say
  'hello world'

Using WEBRTC
------------
Pubnub is a great resource for getting yourself up and running with WEBRTC. A lot of people used to go
towards node.js for it but their libraries are slowly disappearing and making it harder to make is a
live on its own site.
What pubnub does is gives you a publish key and a subscribe key. These keys allow you to access their
ICE Servers which contain a STUN and a TURN server. The STUN server allows you to make the connection
while the TURN server keeps the connection running.

0. The first thing I would do would be to put a link to the library that pubnub allows you to use in
   the header of your site.

0. After that you should place the javascript code at the bottom of your page that makes the initial
   connection.

0. Final step is to add the html code that allows you to type in your login name and call name
   and the buttons that allow it.

# Using the Site

Editing
-------
0. Go to http://mitchellungar.github.io
0. Sign in using your privledges.
0. Do the edits that you want to do.
0. Add a couple notifications, or events, maybe even a youtube embed.

If you want the video to loop the rel=0 code is already there, just
copy paste the embed code to loop the video, and change the seemingly
random letters and numbers in the playlist area.
You can save to a .csv file for your notifications, or load from a
preexisting file. The load doesn't have to be from a .csv file, it can
be a text file from notepad.
Submit and move to the next page.

Webcam Conference
-----------------
0. Type in any login name, login.
0. Type designated login name that someone else is using.
0. click call, and it will instantly connect!

Publishing the site
-------------------
0. git status
0. git add .
0. git commit -m'Whatever changes you made'
0. git push -u origin master
0. Username
0. Password

Specification Sheet
-------------------
0. When using webRTC you have to be using Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, or Opera.
0. If you are not using the webcam you may use any browser you want.
0. When making a call be sure to know exactly what login name that they used. If you don't then you can't make a connection.
0. If the computer or browser is using a safety block add-on be sure to turn it off or the site wont work due to it being http.
0. For logging in, if you have forgot your password come to me and I can change it to whatever you need.
0. When it comes to the notification area, I made the lengths of the textboxes to the same size of the divs. So if it doesn't have to be big, don't make it be.
0. For the title the height is 125px by 600px. This will stay the same and be able to be changed for later use.
0. Background pictures are autogenerated but I will add a feature for you to upload them.
0. There is a text limit to the URL since that is what switches information between pages. But with typing a lot of information I still haven't reached it's max.
0. You may have to zoom in or out to fit the page depending on the screen.
0. When choosing a date it will always delete everytime you visit the edit page. This is so that there is no problems when double clicking the event box.
0. When Naming an event it is preferably below 35 characters, but it can go over.
0. The excel file that loads in the data, I changed it's layout so it is easier to add people to it.
0. You can load in data from a csv, or text file for the notifications. It just reads each line as a new notification.
0. The largest dimension of background picture is 2048x1254. It just fits the size of the div.
0. Mininum size for background picture is 1800x675 because that is the size of the full div.
0. Make sure the day clock is correct. Most of the program uses that information.

Detailed Specs:
---------------
Main Page
---------
Login: Under 25 characters
Call: Under 25 characters
Notifications: Under 50 characters
Events: Under 35 characters
Title Picture: size 125 x 600
Background Picture: More then 1800 x 675 
Youtube Video:
Webcam Video:
BBD Logo:
Dates and Times:

Edit Page
---------
Notifications:
Events:
Title Picture:
Background Picture:
Youtube Video:
BBD Logo:
Dates and Times:
